Update k8s tests and libraries to v1.27.0 (#24837)
cilium-team/cilium: vendor/github.com/golang-jwt/jwt/v4/README.md

This library supports the parsing and verification as well as the generation and signing of JWTs.  Current supported signing algorithms are HMAC SHA, RSA, RSA-PSS, and ECDSA, though hooks are present for adding your own.

## Installation Guidelines

> 1. To install the jwt package, you first need to have [Go](https://go.dev/doc/install) installed, then you can use the command below to add `jwt-go` as a dependency in your Go program.

Reviewer: Edits for clarity
```suggestion
1. To install the jwt package, first install [Go](https://go.dev/doc/install). Then you can use the following command to add `jwt-go` as a dependency in your Go program.
```

Author: @zacharysarah This change is in a 3rd party dependency package which we copy 1:1 to our code base (i.e. everything in `vendor/`). We'd need to make the changes upstream first and then vendor them back in. I think this is out of scope for this PR.

```sh
go get -u github.com/golang-jwt/jwt/v4
```

2. Import it in your code:

```go
import "github.com/golang-jwt/jwt/v4"
```

## Examples

See [the project documentation](https://pkg.go.dev/github.com/golang-jwt/jwt/v4) for examples of usage:

* [Simple example of parsing and validating a token](https://pkg.go.dev/github.com/golang-jwt/jwt#example-Parse-Hmac)
* [Simple example of building and signing a token](https://pkg.go.dev/github.com/golang-jwt/jwt#example-New-Hmac)
* [Directory of Examples](https://pkg.go.dev/github.com/golang-jwt/jwt#pkg-examples)

## Extensions

> This library publishes all the necessary components for adding your own signing methods or key functions.  Simply implement the `SigningMethod` interface and register a factory method using `RegisterSigningMethod` or provide a `jwt.Keyfunc`.

Reviewer: Avoid "simply", "just", "easy", etc.
```suggestion
This library publishes all the necessary components for adding your own signing methods or key functions.  Implement the `SigningMethod` interface and register a factory method using `RegisterSigningMethod` or provide a `jwt.Keyfunc`.
```

Author: Same here, these docs are part of a 3rd party dependency.

> A common use case would be integrating with different 3rd party signature providers, like key management services from various cloud providers or Hardware Security Modules (HSMs) or to implement additional standards.

Reviewer: Edits for clarity
```suggestion
A common use case is to integrate with third party signature providers, like key management services from various cloud providers or hardware security modules (HSMs), or to implement additional standards.
```

Author: Same here, these docs are part of a 3rd party dependency.

| Extension | Purpose                                                                                                  | Repo                                       |
| --------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------ |
| GCP       | Integrates with multiple Google Cloud Platform signing tools (AppEngine, IAM API, Cloud KMS)             | https://github.com/someone1/gcp-jwt-go     |
| AWS       | Integrates with AWS Key Management Service, KMS                                                          | https://github.com/matelang/jwt-go-aws-kms |
| JWKS      | Provides support for JWKS ([RFC 7517](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc7517)) as a `jwt.Keyfunc` | https://github.com/MicahParks/keyfunc       |

> *Disclaimer*: Unless otherwise specified, these integrations are maintained by third parties and should not be considered as a primary offer by any of the mentioned cloud providers

Reviewer: Use available RST callouts
```suggestion
.. note::
Unless otherwise specified, these integrations are maintained by third parties and should not be considered as a primary offer by any of the mentioned cloud providers
```

Author: Same here, these docs are part of a 3rd party dependency.
